README.md, before:

### Cryptographic repo for logging legal action against NHS  👋

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/qr.png)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/requirements-for-lawyer/requirements-for-lawyer.jpg)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main//profiles-of-doctors/Fictional-NHS-psychiatric-records-The-creative-writing-skills-of-Dr-Cornish-Dr-Parsonage-and-Dr-Bevan-Google-Photos.png)

## Tuesday 26th March 2024

@11:46am
I have just discovered that I have 14 days to appeal my incarceration but I do not have anyone who can help me to find a decent lawyer who can actually help me. The 14 day deadline is really convenient for the NHS psychiatrists who have locked me up inside their high security prison.

@11:13am
I have been denied basic healthcare for my Athlete’s Foot condition on both feet again this morning. My own Daktarin cream is not being given to me. When I tell reception that I need the cream and mention discomfort from being denied my own medicine I am told that they need a doctor to prescribe it to me.

I already told my mother that they do not honour their agreements. I told my mother that I need a verbal call with her twice a day to confirm that the cream is on my feet. So I will try to ring my mother now.

---

My iPhone has been unable to really switch on or run any apps since I ended up in Melbury Lodge. Today WhatsApp has completely stopped working on all my devices.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-whatsapp-stopped-working-on-all-my-devices.png)

I am starting to try to connect with any lawyers in London via LinkedIn but I also borrowed the reception phone and I promised to let them take it back from me whenever they need it back.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-AMOY-NOEL-mocked-my-CSR-condition-insta.png)

I just narrowly avoided being forcibly injected with Aripiprazole because I very quickly posted the bloodshot eye caused by that pharma torture drug onto insta along with some medical research papers and the written letter from an NHS eye consultant about my eye.

Before I posted this onto insta; Amoy Noel was mocking my CSR eye condition and she actually laughed at me.

Right before she left my prison cell to go and get the syringe she gave me a weird smile and said “you agreed to take the tablet”.

I am being continuously told that I have agreed to fictional stories which are being read back to me from the NHS medical records. It is literally an hourly or daily occurance that another fabrication is being added that I agreed, consented to something I totally rejected.

It is really quite bizarre to see this behaviour.

---

In the last 24 hours I am receiving bizarre psychotic abuse…

From several male patients…

Alluding to “homosexuality”

“hygiene problems”

“paedophilia”

All of the abuse started towards me within a short space on time.

I didn’t provoke any of this.

It looks like I need to stay in my room…

Simply to avoid the bizarre psychotic abuse.

---

I have recently realised that there is a lot of pure comedy gold about being locked inside this NHS “hotel” which is run by a group of mad psychopaths who claim to have Mickey Mouse degrees in psychiatry.

I think there must be some comedy people at the BBC or ITV who would be able to start a brilliant comedy series based on my observations since being locked in here.

My favourite so far, has been my lesson on how to flush a toilet by the support staff. I tried to explain that the semiconductor digital switches continuously malfunction. 

But the support staff did not realise that Physics graduates from the University of London already know how to flush a toilet!!

Meanwhile I plan to do my abs workout today...

#fitnessmotivation #fitnessjourney #fitnesslifestyle #motivation #homeworkout #chloeting #chloetingchallenge #chloetingabschallenge #healthylifestyle #transformation #jayz 

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-negotiation-for-chloe-ting-abs-workout-whilst-incarcerated.png)

Despite being continuously kicked off the NHS free WiFi... I managed to pair my phone and download the first Karparthy lesson about neural networks...

I have plenty of caffeine and I enjoy Artificial Intelligence.

I am doing an experiment to see if I can learn AI whilst I am being forcibly injected with pharma meds in my backside against my will...

By idiots who would fail GCSE Mathematics let alone have any idea what Artificial Intelligence is, or how it even works...

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/studying-artificial-intelligence-whilst-incarcerated-in-melbury-lodge/karparthy-building-micrograd.png)

## Monday 25th March 2024

My Apple laptop which is still under AppleCare until March 2025 is conveniently having a lot of serious problems in the last few days. I am having bizarre problems with git revision control which I use to converse with Github. 

The ffmpeg tool appears to be transcoding random audio files instead of what I am trying to actually convert and upload. The ffmpeg tool is now generating media files which are corrupted in terms of rendered totally useless and cannot be played back. 

I had to upload a wav file because it is no longer possible to convert to opus. I cannot record any audio on Audacity because the ssd drive keeps having several gigabytes of space being filled up in minutes when nothing is actually happening on my laptop.

On a Linux device, these bizarre behaviours would immediately be identified as some kind of malware infection.

Apple is proprietary so you cannot really know how to protect yourself since you do not have any control or access to the source code.

I intend to switch to a Spanish-built KDE Linux Slimbook laptop as soon as I am able to.

I am being forced to keep a written account of events because I have no electronic devices left which work correctly; iPhone, iPad, Apple laptop.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/melbury-lodge-winchester/20240325-dr-pippa-north-authorised-forcible-injection-including-aripiprazole-retinal-detachment-blindness.png)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20130924.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_3.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131223.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170606_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170606_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_3.jpg)


<!--
**nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

There is a lady on the ward today who can help me but I have no idea how to speak to this lady who is here to help people legally

README.md, after:

### Cryptographic repo for logging legal action against NHS  👋

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/qr.png)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/requirements-for-lawyer/requirements-for-lawyer.jpg)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main//profiles-of-doctors/Fictional-NHS-psychiatric-records-The-creative-writing-skills-of-Dr-Cornish-Dr-Parsonage-and-Dr-Bevan-Google-Photos.png)

## Tuesday 26th March 2024

@11:49am
At breakfast today a girl called Alicia told me that there is a lady on the ward today who can help me. But I have no idea how to speak to this lady who is here to help people legally. Nobody on my ward is willing to forward my name to this unknown lady who is offering advice. I have made it clear for several days that I want help to find my own legal representation. As usual the staff on this ward do not honour any contracts. They deliberately do everything they can to block you seeking your own legal help which is not on their preselected list which has been provided.

@11:46am
I have just discovered that I have 14 days to appeal my incarceration but I do not have anyone who can help me to find a decent lawyer who can actually help me. The 14 day deadline is really convenient for the NHS psychiatrists who have locked me up inside their high security prison.

@11:13am
I have been denied basic healthcare for my Athlete’s Foot condition on both feet again this morning. My own Daktarin cream is not being given to me. When I tell reception that I need the cream and mention discomfort from being denied my own medicine I am told that they need a doctor to prescribe it to me.

I already told my mother that they do not honour their agreements. I told my mother that I need a verbal call with her twice a day to confirm that the cream is on my feet. So I will try to ring my mother now.

---

My iPhone has been unable to really switch on or run any apps since I ended up in Melbury Lodge. Today WhatsApp has completely stopped working on all my devices.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-whatsapp-stopped-working-on-all-my-devices.png)

I am starting to try to connect with any lawyers in London via LinkedIn but I also borrowed the reception phone and I promised to let them take it back from me whenever they need it back.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-AMOY-NOEL-mocked-my-CSR-condition-insta.png)

I just narrowly avoided being forcibly injected with Aripiprazole because I very quickly posted the bloodshot eye caused by that pharma torture drug onto insta along with some medical research papers and the written letter from an NHS eye consultant about my eye.

Before I posted this onto insta; Amoy Noel was mocking my CSR eye condition and she actually laughed at me.

Right before she left my prison cell to go and get the syringe she gave me a weird smile and said “you agreed to take the tablet”.

I am being continuously told that I have agreed to fictional stories which are being read back to me from the NHS medical records. It is literally an hourly or daily occurance that another fabrication is being added that I agreed, consented to something I totally rejected.

It is really quite bizarre to see this behaviour.

---

In the last 24 hours I am receiving bizarre psychotic abuse…

From several male patients…

Alluding to “homosexuality”

“hygiene problems”

“paedophilia”

All of the abuse started towards me within a short space on time.

I didn’t provoke any of this.

It looks like I need to stay in my room…

Simply to avoid the bizarre psychotic abuse.

---

I have recently realised that there is a lot of pure comedy gold about being locked inside this NHS “hotel” which is run by a group of mad psychopaths who claim to have Mickey Mouse degrees in psychiatry.

I think there must be some comedy people at the BBC or ITV who would be able to start a brilliant comedy series based on my observations since being locked in here.

My favourite so far, has been my lesson on how to flush a toilet by the support staff. I tried to explain that the semiconductor digital switches continuously malfunction. 

But the support staff did not realise that Physics graduates from the University of London already know how to flush a toilet!!

Meanwhile I plan to do my abs workout today...

#fitnessmotivation #fitnessjourney #fitnesslifestyle #motivation #homeworkout #chloeting #chloetingchallenge #chloetingabschallenge #healthylifestyle #transformation #jayz 

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/incarceration-journal/20240326-negotiation-for-chloe-ting-abs-workout-whilst-incarcerated.png)

Despite being continuously kicked off the NHS free WiFi... I managed to pair my phone and download the first Karparthy lesson about neural networks...

I have plenty of caffeine and I enjoy Artificial Intelligence.

I am doing an experiment to see if I can learn AI whilst I am being forcibly injected with pharma meds in my backside against my will...

By idiots who would fail GCSE Mathematics let alone have any idea what Artificial Intelligence is, or how it even works...

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/studying-artificial-intelligence-whilst-incarcerated-in-melbury-lodge/karparthy-building-micrograd.png)

## Monday 25th March 2024

My Apple laptop which is still under AppleCare until March 2025 is conveniently having a lot of serious problems in the last few days. I am having bizarre problems with git revision control which I use to converse with Github. 

The ffmpeg tool appears to be transcoding random audio files instead of what I am trying to actually convert and upload. The ffmpeg tool is now generating media files which are corrupted in terms of rendered totally useless and cannot be played back. 

I had to upload a wav file because it is no longer possible to convert to opus. I cannot record any audio on Audacity because the ssd drive keeps having several gigabytes of space being filled up in minutes when nothing is actually happening on my laptop.

On a Linux device, these bizarre behaviours would immediately be identified as some kind of malware infection.

Apple is proprietary so you cannot really know how to protect yourself since you do not have any control or access to the source code.

I intend to switch to a Spanish-built KDE Linux Slimbook laptop as soon as I am able to.

I am being forced to keep a written account of events because I have no electronic devices left which work correctly; iPhone, iPad, Apple laptop.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/melbury-lodge-winchester/20240325-dr-pippa-north-authorised-forcible-injection-including-aripiprazole-retinal-detachment-blindness.png)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20130924.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131025_3.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20131223.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170606_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170606_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_1.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_2.jpg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction/main/fictional-nhs-slanders/20170703_3.jpg)


<!--
**nhslegalaction/nhslegalaction** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
